MIPL Mobile IPv6 version 1.0 

MIPL Mobile IPv6 is an implementation of the Mobile IPv6 specification
for Linux.  The software provides transparent mobility to applications
which use IPv6 by implementing draft-ietf-mobileip-ipv6-19.  It works
at least with the kernel version indicated in the package name. The
software has been tested against another implementation based on
draft19 and most features seemed to interoperate well. However, the
software probably does not work with pre-draft19 implementations of
Mobile IPv6 at all, due to changes in the protocol specification.

The software was developed as part of a software development project
course at the Helsinki University of Technology.  The project's goal
was to create a prototype implementation of Mobile IPv6 for Linux.
The project group consisted of: Sami Kivisaari, Niklas Kämpe, Juha
Mynttinen, Toni Nykänen, Henrik Petander and Antti Tuominen.  The
software has been developed further by the GO research project at the
computer science department of HUT.  Also the members of the MIPL
mailing list have contributed to the development of this version by
sending bug reports and patches.  See CREDITS.

The package consists of a kernel module, kernel patches and userspace
programs for configuration and installation of the kernel part.
INSTALL and INSTALL.kernel files contain information about
installation of userspace and kernel parts and man pages provide help
for the use of the userspace tools.  Current issues with and
limitations of the software are included in the ISSUES file.  Copyright,
disclaimer and other legal issues are addressed in COPYING.

The package and more information are available at:

	http://www.mipl.mediapoli.com/

To report bugs or to join the development work please subscribe to the
MIPL mailing list(s).  There are two mailing lists called mipl and
mipl-devel.  First one is for all MIPL related discussion and the
other for development talk only.  Subscription pages, more information
and list archives can be found at the project web site. Coordinators
can be contacted at petander@tcs.hut.fi or anttit@tcs.hut.fi. Please
use the mailing lists for all questions about technical problems.

Henrik Petander,
Helsinki University of Technology
GO-CORE project
